Did you hear?
Mr. Sha, the richest man in Beijing
Come to our Haicheng
I heard that I came to find my sister on purpose
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I heard that too.
His sister has a new type of birthmark
This little girl named Sarin
Died after an accident a month ago
From today onwards
You are him
Just in case.
My confidence in him
The birthmark is also bad for you.
Do they have any relatives?
The police are not investigating.
He was an orphan.
Exiled to Haicheng
I only know that I am a spiritual person
But he mentioned to me before
He will keep
Could it be that your identity today is the sister of Shaxi Club?
Heart-shaped birthmark
Is this right
Just like your servant
It can't be the sister on the beach, can it?
Mountains
You said you wouldn't be the consolation daughter of the wine capital, right?
Madam joked
Country people like me
I dare not dream of a relationship with Pan, a wealthy family in Beijing
Before I finish giving
Never like to get started
Thank you, Ma'am.
Your cheongsam is so pretty.
Must be expensive
That's for sure.
What is the identity of Mrs. Ye?
The things he uses are naturally the best
This flag?
But back then, my adoptive mother let the international top lead
It was designed for me.
I plan to wear it tomorrow.
On my wedding anniversary
Yingying was stolen from your mother